---
title: "[6] Seoul"
date: 2022-12-15T15:14:54+02:00
---

# March 23-24, 2023, Seoul South Korea.

More details will be announced preceding the event.

Based on the success of our previous standards meetings, and the founding of the HomomorphicEncryption.org group, we are pleased to announce the 6th HomomorphicEncryption.org Workshop. The workshop is targeted at application developers, security practitioners, and homomorphic encryption experts. Along with technical standards discussions, the program also includes sessions on software tools for developing and benchmarking homomorphic encryption solutions, hardware acceleration approaches, and industry applications of homomorphic encryption. The workshop is also a great place for PhD students to meet representatives from industry and academia. 

This will be the first time that the meeting takes place in an Asian venue, with a clear target to strengthen the engagement with standardization bodies and raise awareness among end-users and potential adopters of homomorphic encryption. 

We will keep the format of HES Geneva focused on the following agendas:

- DeepDive for Tech, Experience for Compliers/APIs, and Product Booth/Demo
- Standard/Libraries update with HEBench Results
- Success Stories on HE applications
- Regulation session: GDPR, CCPA, HIPAA
- Community building (several working groups)
- Please note that the workshop will take place in-person. If you would like to contribute to, or suggest, other topics in the agenda, please, let us know.

## Contact
If you have any questions, please contact the organizing committee at hes2023@homomorphicencryption.org or the HomomorphicEncryption.org steering committee at contact@homomorphicencryption.org. As this will be an interactive workshop, we will try to have opportunities for participants to share information that is relevant and appropriate to the goal of approving a standard for parameter selection for homomorphic encryption. Please send us an email if you have something you would like to propose to present at the workshop.

## Organizing Committee
Jung Hee Cheon: jhcheon@snu.ac.kr
Jihoon Cho: jihoon1.cho@samsung.com

Thanks in advance. We are looking forward to seeing you in Seoul!
